<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>KBtestbook_eng-12</title>
		<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="css/ff.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body id="KBtestbook_eng-12" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<section class="ffo-newpage" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
			<h2 id="_idParaDest-12" class="ff-kop"><a id="_idTextAnchor009"></a>Chapter 3 <br/>Invisible text</h2>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">For the visual reader there is an option to make text invisible. This can be done in several ways. A question is if this invisible text is narrated or skipped. Here we do an attempt to check the different options. Our invisable texts here all will start with the word ‘Simsalabim’.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">1. The first option is to color a text differently, like white. <span class="fft-wit">Simsalabim. This text is present but you probably can’t see the white text against the white background.</span> This is not a good method and the narration will probably read the text anyway. Like you will have noticed with this example.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">2. The second option is making the text invisable or hiding it. <span class="fft-invis">Simsalabim. This sentence is made invisable and should not show, however it will take up some space on the page.</span> This sentence should show normal again, following the ‘invisible’ sentence. If the first sentence was also narrated, we can not really call it invisible.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">3. The third option is to make the text <span class="fft-cursief">not showable</span>. This option looks similar to the second one, but they are different. Visually a ‘not showable’ sentence, like the next, should be invisible and take no space on the page. <span class="fft-verdwijn">Simsalabim. If this sentence is narrated regardless, this method does not work.</span> That was it, we are back in normal text. Did you not see or hear Simsalabim than this method works well.</p>
			<blockquote class="ff-blokmetwit">We do not know what guidelines do say about invisible text. Should such text be skipped, or whispered? Or should it be treated like a special kind of footnote? </blockquote>
			<blockquote class="ff-blokmetwit">By the way, options 2 and 3 worked well with (Apple)Books on my iMac! They failed with Thorium.</blockquote>
			<blockquote class="ff-blokmetwit">The tric of the hidden texts can be handy to use when, for example, constructing a Table of Contents or with so called visual poetry.</blockquote>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
