<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>KBtestbook_eng-8</title>
		<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="css/ff.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body id="KBtestbook_eng-8" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<section id="_idContainer020" class="ffo-newpage" epub:type="bodymatter">
			<h1 id="_idParaDest-8" class="ff-kopx"><a id="_idTextAnchor005"></a>Introduction </h1>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">This book is, as you will have guessed by now, a test document. It is meant to test and understand how ePub3 works. This book can be adapted by adding new elements for improvement or to test several options next to each other.</p>
			<p class="ff-plat">One important aspect of ePub3 is ‘accessibility’. Different aspects of accessibility will be addressed here. For testing it is practical to describe the texts and the intention of its coding. So there will be explanations like: <span class="fft-vet">This is a sentence in bold, marked with the tag ‘fft-vet’. </span>This makes it easier to check during reading or listening whether the desired effect is achieved.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">The result, the rendering on the pages, might differ between e-readers and apps. On one e-reader instructions about whitespacing or alignment will be interpreted differently than on another e-reader. In a perfect world everybody would interpret the specifications the same, but unfortunately in the real world this is not always the case. When designing epubs, it is important to know what works and what not.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">This is a list with bullets of things to test:</p>
			<ul>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">Navigation in the book<ul><li class="Lijst_ff-lijststreep2 _idGenParaOverride-1">table of contents</li><li class="Lijst_ff-lijststreep2 _idGenParaOverride-1">orientation points or landmarks </li></ul></li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">Hierarchy of chapters and headings</li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">(Character)styles</li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">Change of language</li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">Image descriptions. Alt-text and captions.</li>
			</ul>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
