<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>KBtestbook_eng-11</title>
		<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="css/ff.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body id="KBtestbook_eng-11" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<section class="ffo-newpage" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
			<h2 id="_idParaDest-11" class="ff-kop"><a id="_idTextAnchor008"></a>Chapter 2</h2>
			<p class="ff-onderkop"><span class="fft-kleinkapreal">html</span>-tags</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">There is a difference between styles with a custom name and the styles which names are official defined in HTML. </p>
			<p class="ff-plat">In the CSS of an epub is defined how a paragraph or word looks by styles. But there are also universal tags for Bold and Italic. Which one to choose is not obvious: neither how this impacts computer narration.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">Here follows a small list.</p>
			<hr class="ff-separator"></hr>
			<p class="ff-z">For Bold text there are two html-tags:</p>
			<ul>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">&lt;b&gt;-tag. <b class="b">Bold text</b> without an explicit meaning.</li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">&lt;strong&gt;-tag. <strong class="strong">Bold text</strong> with the intention to stress that.</li>
			</ul>
			<hr class="ff-separator"></hr>
			<p class="ff-z">For italic text there are 3 html-tags:</p>
			<ul>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">&lt;i&gt;-tag. <i class="i">Italic text</i>, often used for foreign text and names.</li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">&lt;em&gt;-tag. <em class="em">Italic text</em>, meaning to emphasise that text </li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstbullet">&lt;cite&gt;-tag. <cite class="cite">Citation</cite>, typically used for titles of books and films, and often presented in italics too.</li>
			</ul>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">Using these tags is by the way not the obvious choice when making books with programs like InDesign.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">In the next paragraphs I will show different ways to present text and how those are tagged. First a section with HTML-tags, with the question if that affects the narration. Then a section that is tagged via CSS styles.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">In the book <cite class="cite">The fictitional quotes of Zorro</cite> the last page mentions a verbal out-cry of the main character. He yels: <em class="em">‘</em><em class="em">Ouch!</em><em class="em"> That hurts!’</em>, when a small <i class="i">drone</i> impacts his head at high speed. <strong class="strong">Bam!</strong> He swears <strong class="strong">never</strong> to steer a drone that <b class="b">moves as fast as a track star</b>.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">In the book <span class="fft-cursief">The fictitional quotes of Zorro</span> the last page mentions a verbal out-cry of the main character. He yels: <span class="fft-cursief">‘</span><span class="fft-cursief">Ouch!</span><span class="fft-cursief"> That hurts!’,</span> when a small <span class="fft-cursief">drone</span> impacts his head at high speed. <span class="fft-vet">Bam!</span> He swears <span class="fft-vet">never</span> to steer a drone that <span class="fft-vet">moves as fast as a track star</span>.</p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
