<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>KBtestbook_eng-10</title>
		<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="css/ff.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body id="KBtestbook_eng-10" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<section class="ffo-newpage" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
			<h2 id="_idParaDest-10" class="ff-kop"><a id="_idTextAnchor007"></a>Chapter 1 - Character styles</h2>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">Texts in an ebook can be divided roughly in paragraphs and characters. Paragraphs always have a tag, a ‘style’. Often that is a p-tag, meaning paragraph. It can also be a header, marked by a h-tag, meaning header.</p>
			<p class="ff-plat">Withing text blocks or paragraphs individual words or characters can also be tagged with inline character styles.</p>
			<hr class="ff-separator"></hr>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">The text blocks in this chapter are tagged with standard paragraphs styles. Here we will look into the inline character styles. In general, inline character styles mean an exception, like a temporary change of font or weight. Bold, italic, bold-italic, small caps... that kind of things.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">The individual character style does not specify the white spacing, line height or margins. That is covered iwwn the block styles.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">Underneath some examples of the regular font in this ebook. In a numbered list.</p>
			<ol>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig">No style. This is the standard font. Roman.</li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig"><span class="fft-cursief">Style italic. Italic version.</span></li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig"><span class="fft-vet">Style bold. </span></li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig"><span class="fft-vetcursief">Style bold italic</span></li>
			</ol>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">Then a new numbered list with the some smallcaps. </p>
			<ol>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig" value="1"><span class="fft-kleinkap">STYLE SMALL CAPS. FIRST THIS VERSION THAT WAS NEEDED IN EPUB2: SMALL CAPITALS. ALL CHARACTERS HAVE BEEN TYPED AS CAPS. THE SIZE IS REDUCED A LITTLE.</span></li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig"><span class="fft-kleinkapreal">Style SmallCaps. On this line the small caps style is used, which became possible with ePub3. Here it is possible to show a different first capital. For example in a name: John Doe. If all characters show the same, the e-reader does not show this correct. here the font-variant is called ‘samll-caps’.</span></li>
				<li class="Lijst_ff-lijstautonum-1dig">Then there are variations <span class="fft-kleinkapcursief">SMALLCAPS-ITALIC</span>, <span class="fft-kleinkapvet">SMALLCAPS-BOLD</span>, en <span class="fft-kleinkapvetcursief">SMALLCAPS-BOLD-ITALIC</span>, followed by the <span class="fft-cursief">real</span> <span class="fft-cursief">smallcaps</span> versions: <span class="fft-kleinkapcursiefreal">Smallcaps-italic</span>, <span class="fft-kleinkapvetreal">Smallcaps-bold</span>, en <span class="fft-kleinkapvetcursiefreal">Smallcaps-bold-italic</span>.</li>
			</ol>
			<p class="ff-tussenkophless"><span class="fft-romein">CO</span><sub class="fft-subscript _idGenCharOverride-1">2</sub><span class="fft-romein"> emission per 10 m</span><sup class="fft-superscript _idGenCharOverride-1">2</sup><span class="fft-romein"> </span></p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit"><span class="fft-romein">There is also superscript and subscript. Here a few examples. If one talks about CO</span><sub class="fft-subscript _idGenCharOverride-1">2</sub> or <span class="fft-kleinkap">CO</span><sub class="fft-subscript _idGenCharOverride-1">2</sub> emission or for the <span class="fft-kleinkap">3</span><sup class="fft-superscript _idGenCharOverride-1">rd</sup> or the 4<sup class="fft-superscript _idGenCharOverride-1">th</sup> time a forest of 100 m<sup class="fft-superscript _idGenCharOverride-1">2</sup> or 346m<sup class="fft-superscript _idGenCharOverride-1">2</sup> maisfield has been burnt down.</p>
			<p class="ff-tussenkophless"><span class="fft-onderstreept">Underline-</span> or <span class="fft-doorgestreept">strike through</span></p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">Another style that is sometimes used is <span class="fft-onderstreept">underline</span> or <span class="fft-doorgestreept">strike through</span> of text. Just to note that.</p>
			<p class="ff-plat">There are many other possibilities, like <span class="Schreefloos_slt-vet">Sans serif font</span>. <span class="Schreefloos_slt-romein">Often a custom font can be chosen on an e-reader </span><span class="Schreefloos_slt-cursief">but this sans serif font</span><span class="Schreefloos_slt-romein"> will stay without serifs.</span></p>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
