<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
	<head>
		<title>KBtestbook_eng-15</title>
		<link href="css/idGeneratedStyles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
		<link href="css/ff.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
	</head>
	<body id="KBtestbook_eng-15" lang="en-GB" xml:lang="en-GB">
		<section class="ffo-newpage" epub:type="chapter" role="doc-chapter">
			<h2 id="_idParaDest-15" class="ff-kop"><a id="_idTextAnchor012"></a>Sections with margins</h2>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">This is a normal first paragraph. There is a certain amount of space between the header and this text. Between this and the next paragraph there is a margin of 1 line. Instead of adding a empty line in the text, this margin is created by a CSS definition.</p>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">This is the next paragraph. The white margin above is a normal property in a CSS. However I have noted that the e-reader program <span class="fft-cursief">Thorium</span> ignores this white margin. Which is a shame, since it is very good in narration!</p>
			<p class="ff-plat">This is a paragraph like the one above, but with a small indentation on the first line. And no margin on the top.</p>
			<p class="ff-plat">And so is this one.</p>
			<blockquote class="ff-blokmetwit">Many more options can be added here later. One last one is a ‘block text’ in which a complete paragraph is indented and given additional white margin above. In the <span class="fft-kleinkap">HTML</span>-file it has no ‘p’-tag but a ‘blockquote’-tag. </blockquote>
			<p class="ff-platmetwit">This is a normal first paragraph again. After this paragraph there is a empty line, created by a so called ‘hr’-tag.</p>
			<hr class="ff-separator"></hr>
			<p class="ff-z">So between this paragrapgh and the last paragraph, there must be a empty line. The same after this one.</p>
			<hr class="ff-separator"></hr>
			<p class="ff-z">The last test is a footnote<span class="Xtra_zz-voetnootcijfer"><span id="footnote-000-backlink"><a epub:type="noteref" role="doc-noteref" class="_idFootnoteLink _idGenColorInherit" href="KBtestbook_eng-15.xhtml#footnote-000">1</a></span></span>, in this case with number 1. We will see how this works and could finetune it later.</p>
			<hr class="HorizontalRule-1"/>
			<section class="_idFootnotes">
				<aside id="footnote-000" class="_idFootnote" epub:type="footnote" role="doc-footnote">
					<p class="ff-voetnoten"><a epub:type="noteref" role="doc-noteref" class="_idFootnoteAnchor _idGenColorInherit" href="KBtestbook_eng-15.xhtml#footnote-000-backlink">1</a>&#9;This is the text of the footnote. It can be a pop-up footnote, or just text.</p>
				</aside>
			</section>
		</section>
	</body>
</html>
